when the McCallister family left on
their Christmas vacation they forgot one
small thing did you lock up do we set
the timers on the lights please in the
northern suburbs are on the lookout for
a pair of burglars who are calling
themselves the Wet Bandits you know that
you're in there it's Santa Claus and his
elf get brought my property
this is my house I have to defend
where's your mother
Oh mom's in the car where's your father
she's at work what about your brothers
and sisters I win all the child where do
you live
you tell you that why not cuz you're a
stranger he's a kid we what can a kid do
to us the kids are stupid I know I was
you still are my mm-hm
now I'll care if I've to get out on your
runway and hitchhike I am going to get
home to my son
[Music]
where are you little sweet
what did take your shoes off
I need dressed like a chicken Gus
Polinski poker king of the Midwest if
you have to get to Chicago we'll finally
Drive you yesterday he was just a kid
but tonight he's a home security system
live from John Hughes you know I got a
feeling this is gonna be your best
Christmas ever a family comedy without
the family home alone are you here all
alone I'm eight years old
you think I'd be here all wrong I don't
think so
directed by Chris Columbus coming
November 16th
[Music]